resounrs AWS_ec2_instance {
  ami "1111111111"
type=t2.micro
 
}

{

tags
  name: my-first-ec2
}

resounres "sg" {
    ssh=22
    tcp=22
}



providers "aws" {
  alias= region1
  region=us-east-1
}

providers "aws" {
  alias= region2
  region=us-west-1
} 

1.What is headless service,
Ans: It is possible to create a service grouping that does not allocate an IP address or forward traffic, if there is a reason that you want to definitively control        what specific pods you connect and communicate with. 

2. have one instance want to take that in diffrent region what will you do
Ans: VPC peering

3 how you take the s3 bucket storage data to from one region to another region
Ans: 

4. What are all the aws services you are using in your company?
5. Have you worked on k8s?
Yes

6.Have you worked on terraform?
Ans: yes

7.Have you worked on ansible?
Ans: Yes

8.i am giving a git url and  how you deploy build on jenkins jobs
Ans: first i will clone that application from the git, after by using the maven building tool i am goinh to build tha application.
     after build completes in jenkins. 
     
9. u have artifactory packages and how you deploy in jenkins
Ans: 
10. replication controller and replica set

11. probes 
Ans: Liveness Probe and Readyness probe

13. k8s services
Ans: clusterIP
     Nodeport
     Load balancer
     Headless services
     
14. how to check the logs in perticular container 
Ans: docker logs <cintainerName>

13. which types of intsances have u used
Ans: general purpose and on demand 

14. do u know about sticky notes in AWS 
Ans:However, you can use the sticky session feature (also known as session affinity) to enable the load balancer to bind a user's session to a specific target. This ensures that all requests from the user during the session are sent to the same target. This feature is useful for servers that maintain state information in order to provide a continuous experience to clients. 

15. s3 bucket storage classes
Ans: s3 standard
     infrequent access
     standard infrequent access
     S3 glacier
     glacier deep archive
     one-zone IA
     
16. u have experience on scripting? what type of script u have written?
Ans: yes. bash scripting

17. what all are the daily activity on k8s yoy will do?
Ans: 
19. git pull and git fetch and git rebase
Ans: git pull --> Here bringing the files and dir from central repo to local repo
                  Git pull = git fetch + git merge
     git fetch --> Here the files and dir are stored in temporary space and reviewed by user if reuired merge it otherwise leaveit.
     git rebase --> Here the commits of perticular branch is appending to the tip of other branch.
     
20. load balncer and types of load balancer in aws?
Ans: Load balancer is used to devide the incoming traffic evenlly between target groups.
     1. Classic load balancer
     2. application load balancer
     3. Network load balancer
     4. Gate way load balancer
     
21. one of the my pod is in worker node is terminated what u will do?
Ans: here we are going for cluster autoscaling.
     when a node is terminated then automatically a new node will be deployed by using autoscaling
     
22. in jenkings job build to excute automatically when the code is push to git hub
23. what is ssl in aws?
Ans: secure socket layer --> SSL/TLS certificates are used to secure network communications and establish the identity of websites over the Internet as well as resources on private networks. 
24. after some days code is pushes to git hub but job is not executed what is is the resion n how will you fix it?
Ans: in this we have to integrate git to the jenkins and perform webhook process again 

25. create a instance in terraform with differnt regions
Ans: 

26. can you run a two application on single cluster
Ans: yes. If multiple apps run in the same Kubernetes cluster, this means that these apps share the hardware, network, and operating system on the nodes of the cluster. 
27. vpc components 
Ans: IP addresses, Subnets, Internet gate way, natgate way, Elastic IP, 
28. 
