Accolite

1. Introduce yourself 
    
2. Explain your cicd
   
3.Can we secure Jenkins? How?
     
4. K8s Architecture
Ans: 

5. what is kubectl?
Ans: The Kubernetes command-line tool, kubectl, allows you to run commands against Kubernetes clusters.

6. What is EC2? What are placement groups?
    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/placement-groups.html
	
7. What is s3? What are groups in IAM?
      
    Amazon S3 has a simple web services interface that you can use to store and retrieve any 
amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web.
 
8. What is docker and docker images?
       
9. EBS types, S3 storage classes

  1. Solid state drives (SSD) 2. Hard disk drives (HDD)  3.Previous generation
  
  https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html       
  
10.VPC and its components
       
11. VPC peering

12. Loadbalancer and types of Loadbalancers

13. Dynamodb, Route 53
Ans: Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed, serverless, key-value NoSQL database designed to run high-performance applications at any scale.
     DynamoDB offers built-in security, continuous backups, automated multi-Region replication, in-memory caching, and data export tools.     
    Route 53: Route 53 is a domain name service which points domain name to IP address and domain name to doamine name.
        
    
14. What is API gateway? 
Ans:  An API gateway acts as a reverse proxy to accept all application programming interface (API) calls, aggregate the various services required to fulfill them, and return the appropriate result.

15. What is Cloudwatch? list different Metrics of Cloudwatch
    Ans: it is a monitoring tool used to monitor the aws resources.
    EC2---
    1. CPUCreditBalance --IN EC2
	2. CPUUtilization --IN EC2
    3. CallCount --IN logs
    4. BucketSizeBytes--IN S3
    5. NumberOfObjects--IN S3
	6. Diskread -- IN EC2
	
16. What is lambda? What is SNS?
Ans: lamda: It is a serverless function used in aws, here we are not thinking about the server to run our application just place our code and aws will take care about             what configuration reuired to run our application.
     SNS: it is simple notification service to communicate bet person to application and application to application.   
															
17. What is Autocaling? Types of autoscaling ?
Ans: Used to monitor the applications which automates the capacity of the application study,stabilized and predictable performence
     Horizontal: By adding addition server to distribute the load evenly bet the servers when traffic is more.
     vertical: Increasing capacity of the exsting server to control the traffic. 
		

Accolite digital
1) Introduce yourself

2) $#--> Number of argument passed to the script.
 
3) $?--> status of last executed command

4) $@--> All the arguments passed to the script but stored in array format
 
5) what is jenkins pipeline?
Ans: This is type of job we got in jenkins where all the configuration of the job is done through code.
     Ther eare two types 1. scripted pipeline 
                         2. Declarative pipeline

6) what r the stages of declerative piple line 
Ans: Declarative pipelines break down stages into individual stages that can contain multiple steps.
     Execute this Pipeline or any of its stages, on any available agent.
	1. Defines the "Build" stage.
	2. Perform some steps related to the "Build" stage.
	3. Defines the "Test" stage.
	4. Perform some steps related to the "Test" stage.
	5. Defines the "Deploy" stage.
	6. Perform some steps related to the "Deploy" stage.
7) what ci tool u r using 
Ans: Jenkins
      
8) apart form jenkins? 
    bamboo, circle ci, Team city,GitLab CI
    
9) write groovy script for deplyoing to k8s 
 Ans: 
 
10) write shellscript to it should username and reflect user id 
Ans: #!/bin/bash
     user="$(ID -u -n)"
     UID= "$(ID -u)"
     echo "user name $user"
     echo "user name: ID $UID"
      
11) copy and add 
12) how do u pass environment variable in cli
     docker run -it -d -e env1=test1 -e env2=test2 --name container_name image_name
	 export PATH=$PATH:/usr/src......
	 
	 
13) roles and cluster roles 
     
14) daemon set
    
15) configmaps 

16) how do u create a docker image from a dockker container 

       docker commit contaier_id image_name
	   
17) how do u deploy in maven 

      mvn clean install deploy
	  
18) probes and types of probes 
     
19) sidecar container 

20 ) how do check logs of a sidecar container of node in a particular namespace 

      kubectl logs pod -c container_id -n namespace_name
	  
21) I have specifide 5 resources in terraform block I want to execute only one resource from that, how to do that. 

        in main.tf will call only that particular resource 
		
22) where do u store ur images 

     dockerhub,ECR,JFROG-Xray
	 
23) in linux explain array format
     ARRAYNAME=(value1 value2  .... valueN)
	 
He asked 10-15 more questions I don't remember them all
