PWC 1st round

1. what is ur roles and responsibilities
2. do you have experience with terraform n ansible
3. how to enable the state locking feature of terraform in aws
Ans: provider "aws" {
   region = "us-east-2"
}
resource "aws_dynamodb_table" "dynamodb-terraform-lock" {
   name = "terraform-lock"
   hash_key = "LockID"
   read_capacity = 20
   write_capacity = 20

   attribute {
      name = "LockID"
      type = "S"
   }

   tags {
     Name = "Terraform Lock Table"
   }
}
4. how it will work statelock file 
5. u have created infrastructure in aws console later ur organization is ask you to integrate those infrastructure in to terraforn structure
6.  when the state file will create very first time means after terraform in it or after terraform plan 
Ans: even after terraform init and plan command is run terraform.tfstate file will not create 
     it will create when we terraform apply
     
7. what will be in there in state file
Ans: statefile includes the configurations of infrastructure what we are implimenting.
     ex: ec2, s3,security group, vpc etc...
     
8.  in ansible variable which can override others on highest priority
9. how do you encrypt sensitive data in ansible
Ans: Ansible Vault is a feature that allows users to encrypt values and data structures within Ansible projects. This provides the ability to secure any sensitive data      that is necessary to successfully run Ansible plays but should not be publicly visible, like passwords or private keys.

10. why ansible is much popular with compaire to other tools
ANS:  ansible is agentless, with other tools we need to install agent in all machine 

11. how ansible work . how install or tell me ansible configuration
Ans: Ansible works by connecting to your nodes and pushing out small programs, called modules to them.
     This is the brain and the heart of Ansible, the file that governs the behavior of all interactions performed by the control node. In Ansible's case that default        configuration file is (ansible. cfg) located in /etc/ansible/ansible.cfg
     
12. how to do the passordless connection configartion 
13. master slave configuration 
14. did you configure window slave 
15. have you heard about JNLP agent java network luanch protocal
16. i have a 10 slaves and my perticular pipeline job i want to run in 'a' slave machine how you will configure 
Ans: agent{
     label = label1, label2.......label10
     we are going to mention the agent label in the pipeline when we configure cicd pipeline.
     
17. diffrence between git pull and git fetch
18. do you have used python 
18. any other progarmming u know
19. if i want to get the uniq shell type can you give me how you approch this 
20. can i get reverse of the string can you tell me the steps 
21. in docker file we have 10 cmd  command which cmd command will run first 
22. diffrent cmd and entrypoint
23. what is a multi stage build in docker
24. docker container it has a memory leack so it used entire host memory what will happen to my host (VM) (try u utilize 100%)
ANS: 1. in case of memory ur VM will get crashhed bcz vm needs to other system  process will wok 
          2. in case of cpu utilization it just slow down 
25. what is daemonset in k8s
26. what is diffrence between udp and tcp traffic 
27. aws services u have used
28. what is differnce bteween layer 4 and layer 7 in LB 
29. i have a 3 tier application i need to deploy on aws can you give me list of services ur going to use considering high availibility and scalability and end to end security
30. how do you diffrentiate between public subnet and private subnet
31. assume have 100 vpc and and how they communicate how u make the connectivity
Ans: with transit gate we can make it 
32. in vpc peering can we use VPN in between them
ans: no VPN connection is required. for VPC peering

