standard chartered research and technology india pvt. ltd====on==02/05/2022

1. difference b/w eks and fargate
Ans:Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) is a managed Kubernetes service that makes it easy for you to run Kubernetes on AWS and on-premises.
    AWS Fargate is a serverless, pay-as-you-go compute engine that lets you focus on building applications without managing servers.
    
2. explain auto scalling
Ans:Autoscaling is monitor ypur application automatically and adject the capacity of machine steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost.
   
3. how will you deploy ur application with zero down time
Ams: A Blue-Green deployment is a relatively simple way to achieve zero downtime deployments by creating a new, separate environment for the new version being deployed        and switching traffic into it.

4. how to set static ip in k8 cluster
Ans: Allocate static IPs under Networking > External IP addresses,

5. how to setup jenkins jobs
Ans:  Step 1) Login to Jenkins. ...
      Step 2) Create New Item. ...
      Step 3) Enter Item details. ...
      Step 4) Enter Project details. ...
      Step 5) Enter repository URL. ...
      Step 6) Tweak the settings. ...
      Step 8) Build Source code. ...
      Step 9) Check the status.
      
6. how restart jenkins manually
Ans: By using below commands we can restart the jenkins manually
     (Jenkins_url)/restart 
     (Jenkin_url)/safeRestart
     
7. difference b/w git clone and pull
Ans: Git clone is used call the files and directory from central repo to local repo for the first time.
     Git pull is used to call the files and directories from central repo to local repo for second time. 
     
8. how to clone git project to jenkins jobs
Ans: First we have to New job --> Freestyle job--> select the SCM git--> got to perticular git repo--> copy URL--> paste in to SCM git in jenkins--> give git                credentials--> save --> apply

9. what is ansible galaxy
Ans: Ansible Galaxy refers to where users can share roles, and to a command line tool for installing, creating and managing roles.

10. command to build image from running container
Ans: docker commit <containerName>

11. how to migrate instence from one region to another
Ans: It is not possible to move one instance from one region to another directly,
     but we can migrate the instance by creating AMI if instance from one region and select the AMI in another region, AZ's, VPC while launching new instance.
     
12. how to display last line of a file in linux
Ans: by using tail command we can display the last line
     tail -1
13. tell me about ur self
Ans:
14. you have knowledge in kafka?
Ans: No
15. i have 3 containers who to login to a container?
Ans: 
16. what is spot instence and on-demand instence?
 Ans: Spot Instances enable you to request unused EC2 instances at steep discounts, you can lower your Amazon EC2 costs significantly. 
      On-Demand Instances, you pay for compute capacity by the second with no long-term commitments.

