1.diff b/w scripted and declarative pipeline.
Ans:   Scripted                          Declarative
     1. It will give the error after     1. It will give the error message before executing the stages
        completing all the stages             (Immidiate bud detection)
        (time consuming)
     2. We have to rebuild all stages    2. We can restart the perticular stage any time.
        whenever we restart
     3. In this we dont have stage skip  3. We have skipping the stages whenever we want
        option
        
2.how to migrate a microservice from on premmisis to cloud.
Ans: Step 1 : Assessment
                This is a primary phase where we need to assess if the application is “cloud-ready”. Here we need to check whether the application supports AWS-based                      services and if we need to make any implementation or architectural changes in order to execute application migration in AWS.
     Step 2 : Implementation of Change
                In this phase of cloud migration, the application needs to be updated and undergoes architectural and design changes.
     Step 3 : Data Migration
                    Once the implementation is ready, we first need to migrate the static files, dependencies, and database tables to the respective AWS services. This                     will include steps like migrating on-premise databases (MySQL, Oracle, Sybase) to Amazon RDS/Aurora, and migrating static files and dependencies                       to Amazon S3.
     Step 4 : Application Migration
                    This step includes actual migration of the application and deploying it on Amazon services like EC2/EBS along with allocating load balancers to                         them and maintaining their scalability.    
     Step 5 : Test and Operate
                    This is essentially a validation phase where we test the applications to ensure that they work seamlessly.
                    
3.alternative way to run terraform init when there is no internet
Ans: Having a local provider mirror can avoid terraform init from accessing the internet to install providers, 

4.cpu utilization of a root-volume of a ec2-instance has reached 90% and i have incresed the root volumn but still i am getting alert message 
how to take out this alert message.
Ans: 1. Reboot your instance to return it to a healthy status.
     2. Consider changing your instance to an instance type that meets your CPU requirements.
     
5. there is one service running on all nodes and master name that.
Ans: API service

6.how to get/achieve DNS in K8S.
Ans: kubectl get service command we can see the kube-dns name
                                 
7. which CI/CD tool you are familier with 
Ans:Jenkins

8. tell me about youself
